Documentation overhaul (#61)
QuantumKitHub/TensorKitSectors.jl: docs/src/sectors/anyons/planartrivial.md

# Planar Trivial Anyon: `PlanarTrivial`

`PlanarTrivial` is the one-object fusion category without braiding.

> It is mostly useful as the smallest planar, non-braided sector in tests and examples.

Reviewer: I don't think it really makes sense for a sector to be planar, so I would write something as:

```suggestion
It is mostly useful as the smallest non-braided sector to be used tests and examples, e.g. of planar contractions (hence the name).
```

# Planar Trivial Anyon: `PlanarTrivial`

`PlanarTrivial` is the one-object fusion category without braiding.

> It is mostly useful as the smallest non-braided sector to be used tests and examples, e.g. of planar contractions (hence the name).

Reviewer 2: Can't make a suggestion, but should be "to be used in tests..."
